what's up guys it's pat's are or trip
police this is a modern warfare 2
gameplay with the intervention I go 30
and five don't really know why you'd be
interested in that concerning this games
been out for three plus years but it's
quicker gameplay just I talked over it
for what I'm gonna be saying for the
next four and a half minutes so you
probably have noticed I've been posting
very frequently if at all in the past
like to nap months and this video is
going to try and explain myself and ask
for feedback on what you guys want to
see in the future so I'm posted into a
half months that's about the time Black
Ops 2 came out and when black ops 2 came
out like whenever any called me comes
out people go away from the previous
titles like modern warfare two black ops
in modern warfare 3 and they play that
one so when I was trying to find people
to quote unquote troll a modern warfare
2 it just was really difficult to find
people and I also realized that the
older of this game gets the less people
would want to see from it from the
YouTube perspective so there are a lot
of things that weren't going for me in
the sense of trolling trickshotting so I
kind of stopped doing it now what this
video is going to try and provoke is
just a response of my subscribers on
whether or not you still want to see
Troy trickshot urns in modern warfare 2
it's very difficult to find patrolling
fine trick shot in black ops 2 modern
warfare 3 the newer games just because
it just doesn't have the same feel that
modern warfare 2 does so just let me let
me know what you guys want for me
because I that's the only the only thing
I can do at this point I really don't
play call duty anymore the only way I
play call duty is a plane with someone
else and even then I still enjoy myself
I don't know why I I know I stopped
playing modern warfare 2 because I'm
pretty good at it as you can see most of
my deaths like this one we're just
because I couldn't hit no scopes from
like two feet away but I'm pretty good
at this game but I'm not really good at
the
his titles so I just don't play them I
typically put my time now playing games
like madden and like Forza which really
aren't youtube worthy games to put on
because people aren't gonna watch them I
understand I've already tried they get a
fraction of the views that my other
videos would get so I just don't post
but I need to start posting again
because uh I'm planning to donate most
of my money to a charity for my senior
capstone project so my capstone needs a
service component and I decided to make
mine my youtube channel so all the
earnings that I've generated since
August since getting my partnership I'm
going to donate that to charity so I'm
hoping to get over a thousand dollars
i'm pretty close to that right now so if
I can keep posting videos I'll probably
reach it if I don't I'm gonna a very
tough time reaching that excuse me I'm
kind of sick right now but yeah so this
is really just a question I'm just
posing a question here do you guys still
want to see trolling trickshot airs on
modern warfare 2 because that's really
going game I can do it on so if you do
just leave a comment leave a like just
let me know likes are the most immediate
way for me telling why don't you want to
see it what I mean a comments always
good it may take more time but if you
really want to see more electric
shelters be sure to do that excuse me ah
but if you really don't want to see that
but you still want to see content let me
know what you want to see like I I mean
I would like or i love the post like
madden but i already know that it won't
get very many of you so i don't know if
it's worth doing so if you want to see
anything other than strictures let me
know but I mean the overwhelming
response i've gotten since doing chores
which others have been enormous I before
doing Torchic shutters which was like I
think mid-september or mid August really
i think i have like just under a
thousand subscribers and then right when
i started making those i have no
accumulated like 4,000 subscribers so
and i started my youtube channel like
februari so it really speaks wonders to
why i started doing nights really
brought me up so if you want to see more
Troy trickshot as a modern warfare two
leave a comment like that was the game
winning kill 30 and five to those of you
don't think I'm good at sniping I really
am I just don't do it anymore I like to
control this more fun so wanna see
choice Rick shadows leave a comment
alike favorite whatever you do and I
will see you guys later